{
	"id": 203027487,
	"body": "Thanks for the feedback. This is not a super-urgent issue on our side either, given that it's a potential language change we want to be very careful here, and consider all input.\r\n\r\nI will likely start on a proposal around the 1.7 freeze (in ~1 month) as there are more important issues to deal with at the moment.",
	"user": {
		"login": "griesemer",
		"id": 8528975,
		"type": "User",
		"site_admin": false
	},
	"reactions": {
		"total_count": 1,
		"+1": 1
	},
	"created_at": "2016-03-29T17:58:07Z",
	"updated_at": "2016-03-29T17:58:07Z"
}
