{
	"id": 217041283,
	"body": "Paging @ianlancetaylor then, do you think it's worth bringing that patch into tip before the merge for 1.7? And/or fixing it on the gcc-6-branch?",
	"user": {
		"login": "mwhudson",
		"id": 672022,
		"type": "User",
		"site_admin": false
	},
	"created_at": "2016-05-04T23:50:38Z",
	"updated_at": "2016-05-04T23:50:38Z"
}
